chore(docs): add amplify cli instructions to liveness docs (#3834)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/liveness/quick-start-pull.react.mdx

  <TabItem title="Amplify CLI">
> Use the Amplify CLI to automatically configure and manage your Cognito Identity and User Pool for you.

FaceLivenessDetector uses Amplify Auth by default to authorize users to perform the Face Liveness check. If you are using Amplify for the first time, follow the instructions for [installing the Amplify CLI](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/start/install/).

#### Set up a new Amplify project

```bash
$ amplify init
? Enter a name for the project reactliveness
? Enter a name for the environment dev
? Choose your default editor: Visual Studio Code
? Choose the type of app that you're building javascript
Please tell us about your project
? What javascript framework are you using react
? Source Directory Path:  src
? Distribution Directory Path: build
? Build Command:  npm run-script build
? Start Command: npm run-script start
```

#### Add the auth category

```bash
$ amplify add auth

>  Do you want to use the default authentication and security configuration? Manual configuration

Reviewer: Do we need to use manual configuration?

Author: yep it's required from the rekognition docs as well just so they can set up unauthenticated/guest access

>  Select the authentication/authorization services that you want to use: User Sign-Up, Sign-In, connected with AWS IAM controls (Enables per-user Stora
> ge features for images or other content, Analytics, and more)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Select the authentication/authorization services that you want to use: User Sign-Up, Sign-In, connected with AWS IAM controls (Enables per-user Storage features for images or other content, Analytics, and more)
```
